yeah laughter here join me I was gonna
call ya like I can't figure how the hell
does last name you have company
directory so I he'll expelling me that's
really bad choice I know you guys I'm
gonna call me tomorrow
and you're gonna call me yeah bad things
about me but it is essential you do not
call me tomorrow
yes yeah you got it no I'm not I work
from occasion that was a plan Vicky
doesn't do what happened today
happy panama's rather and so do not even
think about calling me at home it's a
Halloween Most Blessed time every year
and you will not call me up and taught
me and make each time I feel okay I
don't fit - not everybody
yeah sure keep impossible to call me do
with I lose the singer yeah but a we
were smart enough to invent one but it
does affect do you think about that
trying it didn't affect anything else
got stupid air force hey it doesn't
matter okay
you know I'm not even entirely sure we
were trying to win that game okay cuz I
understand the possible variants so do
not call me Jordan okay I got my soap
you know they do but that doesn't mean
Oh
I wish ahead a lot this week I wish it
would be okay for but don't call no
cause house don't call a family I know I
hear from you this is supposed to be a
happy time be a happy time if you call
me you're gonna be in a lot of trouble a
lot of trouble
Oh oh-ho-ho let's go back there it is so
we had fun we well he basically
challenged us yeah we were gonna leave
them alone and now is he on hold or
either we guess
well we think what do we think we find
there's a guy one of our moles just
talking ended up talking to he thinks
that Karl's down at his spot so is he
who we talking to you hello is mr. Gert
is Carl there please could you hand the
phone over to Carl who Carl Gershman
please yeah yeah yeah he's right here
hang on one second oh ha ha
mr. Gershman yeah that's mr. Ted
Thompson I know we win yesterday Carl
we're looking for you're not lost you
lost on purpose
that's such a cop-out let me ask you
something our plan was to leave you
alone and respect you but then you
challenged us with that that obnoxious
offensive email and you know you're are
you how many is this your sixth or
seventh Blatz oh yeah what do you drink
these days right I've been all day by
the way
they're supposed to be at work where
have you been all day why are you in
Baraboo yeah I know that's what that's
what our sources tell us but huh yeah
well but what's the hell about where's
mrs. Kirkman
Oh what is that supposed to mean oh
she's at home yeah do you like to drink
along thank you by the way hey what
happened to your team what happened no
you shouldn't